feat: ldml-docs update guide (#2151)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: developer/ldml/guide/index.md

title: LDML Guide
---

This guide will take you through the concepts, planning process, and structure needed to successfully author an LDML Keyboard used with Keyman.

Start with the [glossary](./glossary) and read these in order, or skip around as suits your interest. The [reference](../reference/) is useful for details of a particular XML Element.

## Getting Started

* [Glossary](glossary)
* [Planning](planning) your Keyboard

## Jumping in

* [Overview](overview) of the LDML format
* The [Keybag](keybag)
* Customizing key [Displays](displays)
* Defining [Layers](layers)

## Going further

> * Settings, Options

Reviewer: This isn't taking us anywhere yet

title: LDML Guide
---

This guide will take you through the concepts, planning process, and structure
needed to successfully author an LDML Keyboard used with Keyman.

> We recommend to start with [Planning](./planning) and read these pags in order,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend that you start with [Planning](./planning) and read these pages in order,
```
